---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-06T20:44:38.773Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-06T20:42:28.747Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-06-2e597a10-5cf6-4bcb-a1af-ddd56387ca7e.md
published: true
url: 2e597a10-5cf6-4bcb-a1af-ddd56387ca7e/index.html
_type: Article

---
CV Jacob Lindberg 

****

**EDUCATION**

****

**Stockholm School of Economics **Aug2012 -- June 2016 

_B.Sc. Business & Economics -- specialisation
in Finance_

GPA
3.7 (expected)

**Stockholm University **Aug
2013 -- June 2016 

_B.Sc. Mathematics & Statistics_

GPA
3.7 (expected)

**Upper Secondary School Kärrtorp **Aug
2010 -- June 2012

_Science Programme _

GPA
22.4 / 22.5

****

**PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE**

Company: **iZettle **

Time: June
2015 -- Aug 2015

Role: _Business Analyst Intern_

A leading financial tech company within mobile payments. Raised €60 mn in Series D, valued over €500 mn

\* Collected and analyzed customer acquisition data
in order to improve the way iZettle acquire customers in digital channels
across ten markets.

\* Worked with data in order to identify issues in
their acquisition flows, and brought forward suggestions for business development.

Company: TopGrade

Time: Oct
2013 -- Aug 2015

Role: _Founder & CEO_

Educational
startup specializing in mathematics for high school students. 

\* Won
a prestigious business competition after pitching a room full of investors.

\*\* Received €40,000 grant from VINNOVA.

\*\* Got 3 entrepreneurs with a successful track
record on boards as investors/advisers. 

\* Ran the company on my own, with over 15 employees.  

My AcademyAug
2012 -- Oct 2013

_Part-time Tutor in Mathematics_

\* Made
complex math simple to
understand.

OTHER ACTIVITIES

Lecturing: Accepted invitation to speak
at Stockholm University in a course for
statistics students, about how I have used statistics and mathematics in a
business context -- for companies such as iZettle
and Universum.

Programming: Primarily R (300
hours) but also SAS, Stata, SQL, HTML and Excel VBA.

Entrepreneurship: Member of the jury in Business Model Awards. Other members included the editor-in-chief of Affärsvärlden and the CEO of Cordial. Previous winners: Klarna, Spotify and Zound Industries.

Memberships: Member and ambassadeur of the talent netwoek Nova 100\. Completed SSE MSc Mentor Program where selected students are matched with SSE alumni, in my case an entrepreneurial CEO.